Han Yang, you can't beat him
Go away, do you think you can escape?
Since you can't escape
Then let's fight
That day you hurt me in the palm of the City Lord's Mansion
You should settle this account
Arrogance I will kill you now
Hanyang, let me help you.
Yan Pianxian, you
And saved my life
I'm here to repay his kindness
Thank you Yan family talented woman
Yan Pianxian, this is the matter of my Li Chen family
What's with you
Li family master
Several of us have climbed the ladder
About to officially enter Yuanmen
I urge you to let go of your hatred
Let yourself go
Hahaha what did you say?
This kid killed my two sons
You made me let go of my hatred
What are you, little boy?
The dead cannot be resurrected
This kid has to die
I will kill anyone who dares to stop me
I will kill him
Ah!
You are more than your heart
Are you okay?
Go to Nanling Snow
Time to worry about him
It's better to worry about yourself
What do you mean?
I want the Nanjiang family to
Taste what it's like to lose a loved one
You bastard deserve it. You're two sons
Somebody kill them for me